`useViewport` hook 🎣 (#248)
zopaUK/react-components: src/hooks/useViewport/useViewport.md

### Summary

> `useViewport()` can be used to programatically read the viewport size on a React compnent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useViewport()` can be used to programmatically read the viewport size on a React component.
```

> It can be useful for conditional rendering, which is usually prefered over hiding with CSS given it reduces the VDOM tree size.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
It can be useful for conditional rendering, which is usually preferred over hiding with CSS given it reduces the VDOM tree size.
```

### Tips

By default this hook will attach an event listener to `window.resize` that will read the current viewport dimensions and let you know when those change.

> **In case you're using this hook in more than one component for a given page** ... please use the provided `ViewportProvider` to prevent overload `window` with `resize` listeners 🚨

Reviewer 2: <3
